OSDOCS-18316 [ROSA] CQA: GovCloud Book (#110728)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rosa-govcloud-privatelink-create-cluster.adoc

$ rosa create cluster --private-link --multi-az --cluster-name=<cluster-name> [--machine-cidr=<VPC CIDR>/16] --subnet-ids=<private-subnet-id1>,<private-subnet-id2>,<private-subnet-id3>
----

> . Enter the following command to check the status of your cluster. During cluster creation, the `State` field from the output will change from `pending` to `installing`, and finally to `ready`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Enter the following command to check the status of your cluster. During cluster creation, the `State` field from the output changes from `pending` to `installing`, and finally to `ready`.
```

No future tense
